Fix #1804: Update JVM to 25 (#1805)
wultra/enrollment-server: docs/PowerAuth-Enrollment-Server-2.2.0.md

This guide contains instructions for migration from PowerAuth Enrollment Server version `2.1.x` to version `2.2.0`.

No migration steps nor database changes are required.

## Dependency Updates

### Docker Base Image Upgrade

The Docker base image has been upgraded from `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-21.0.9_10-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 21) to `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-jdk-25.0.3.0-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 25).
No action is required.

### Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3

> PowerAuth Cloud has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.

Author: ```suggestion
PowerAuth Enrollment Server has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.
```
